docs(two-column-layout-example): add a link to the guide in readme (#983)
algolia/autocomplete: examples/two-column-layout/README.md

> [Access the demo](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/algolia/autocomplete/tree/next/examples/two-column-layout)
> 
> ## Guide
> 
> You can find a detailed guide to this example here: https://www.algolia.com/doc/ui-libraries/autocomplete/guides/creating-an-advanced-ecommerce-experience/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Access the demo](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/algolia/autocomplete/tree/next/examples/two-column-layout) | [Follow the guide](https://www.algolia.com/doc/ui-libraries/autocomplete/guides/creating-an-advanced-ecommerce-experience/)
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!
